Previously on Cross...
[Cross] Judge cited my testimony
when he sentenced her.
Well, someone wants people to pay
for what happened to Deirdre Nolan.
What do you want?
$2.2 million.
And it'll be in your account
by the end of the week.
Ramsey was always talking to some guy
in Philly-- White Mike.
What's going on with the serial killer?
We do have a profile.
We want to hear every detail.
I have to be perfect, right?
Just like Aileen?
No. No!
[Ramsey] We all have secrets, Alex.
I'm ready to bring mine into the light.
[indistinct yelling over video]
[Anderson] This is the incident
that Sampson reported.
Call your union rep.
He did this.
Ed Ramsey is the Fanboy killer.
[Ramsey] Let's just chalk this up
to Detective Cross
having a little too much to drink.
- You know what, fuck you. Fuck you.
- That's it.
- [woman] Oh, my God.
- You need to leave.
Shannon Witmer's alive,
probably in this house.
Out. Now!
[shower running]
[tense music playing]
[Ramirez] Do you know how this works,
Detective Cross?
Do you know anyone
who's been through the process before?
- No.
- It's okay, Alex. Uh...
Can I call you Alex?
[Cross] Yeah.
[Ramirez] It's okay, Alex.
Most people don't.
Things are gonna come
pretty hard and fast.
You will not have time to study.
You will not have time to prepare.
You'll need to trust your union,
and you'll need to trust me.
They're gonna make an official request
for your badge and gun.
They call it a request,
but it is not optional.
You are required to hand them over.
- You understand?
- [laughter in distance]
- [Jannie] Oh, he has another one.
- [Damon] Jannie, please.
- Yes.
- To avoid embarrassment,
we can have the brass come here...
Not here.
- [conversation continues indistinctly]
- Family doesn't know?
Not the kids.
Fair enough.
Then you'll need to go in.
I can accompany you as your rep,
but I got to say, it is not the best look.
- I'll go in by myself.
- Good.
But remember, you're just there
to turn in your badge and gun.
This is not the time to plead your case.
You'll be put on non-contact status,
pending the outcome of the investigation.
You understand?
♪ ♪
[dramatic music playing]
[muffled shouting]
[shouting grows louder]
Malika, I did everything I said I would
for your brother, I did.
This has nothing to do with that.
Fuck Alex Cross.
And fuck the police.
- Malika...
- Fuck you.
- Malika.
- Fuck you, Alex.
Fuck you.
- [overlapping shouting]
- Fuck you.
[door opens]
[door closes]
Badge and gun.
- I'm right about Ramsey.
- That's not why we're here.
It should be.
- But it's not.
- [Cross] Okay.
Yes, I made a mistake. All right?
You can't let that get in the way
of saving Shannon Witmer's life.
- Do you want to tell him or should I?
- What?
We searched Ramsey's house.
He invited us in
because of your accusations.
There's no sign of Shannon.
No sign of anything.
- W-When? When?
- This morning.
This morn...
So, he had all yesterday to move her?
- Tell him to stop talking.
- No. Listen.
Shannon is Ramsey's last victim. His last.
The man wants to go out with a bang,
not a whimper.
He's a perfectionist.
He's obsessed with winning.
He wants everybody to know it was him.
You're talking about the Fanboy or you?
Nice, April.
Spoken just like a wannabe mayor.
If you was a real cop,
you'd have listened to me at that party,
this case would be closed.
You know, you've had a whole day
to sit and stew in your new situation,
and I bet you're starting to get a sense
of how messy it is.
But I don't think you've pondered
just how much worse it could get.
- Okay, let's just...
- You want me to be the villain?
Fine. Blame me all you want.
But if you don't lay your gun and badge
on that table
and walk out of here without saying
another fucking word,
I promise you,
I'll make all your worst nightmares
come true.
[tense music playing]
All right.
I'm right about Ramsey.
Right now I'm talking...
Let me call you right back.
[sighs]
[clattering]
[clattering continues]
Fuck!
- You want me to give it a shot?
- No, I don't. No, thank you.
No.
They're taking the heat off of Ramsey.
You hear that?
Not me.
Look, I'm-a work this till we get him.
She'll be dead by then.
[scoffs] Thanks for the vote
of confidence.
I'm just saying I...
I should be closing this out,
not packing up my fucking locker.
You see how this all snowballed?
Yo, I don't know what
you getting at right now,
but it sounds like
the wrong shit to be thinking.
Oh, so... [scoffs]
Yeah, yeah, I'm-I'm gonna have plenty
of time for therapy now, right, John?
How do you fix it in your mind
to blame this shit on me?
You started all this when you reported me.
Wow. Are you so far up your own ass
that you can't even entertain
the possibility that you fucked up?
- You pushed the first domino.
- No, Sugar!
This shit happened when you beat that man.
- Hey, fuck you! Hey!
- Fuck You!
I was trying to find Maria's killer!
[dramatic music playing]
Listen, man. I get it.
I-I loved her, too. I miss her, too.
She was my wife. The mother of my kids.
You don't know what that feels like.
You never will.
[Sampson] You know what I mean.
You ain't the only person
in this family to lose someone.
You're just the only person
who ain't dealt with it.
You know what, you keep saying family.
Family, family, family.
What, you think 'cause my kids
call you Uncle John
that makes you family? No.
Think 'cause Nana Mama taught you
how to tie your fucking shoes,
that makes you family? No. You not blood.
You're not bone. You're just my friend.
Or you were.
Now you're just somebody
I used to work with.
Be careful where you take this,
I shit you not.
Nigga, I ain't afraid of you.
Good, motherfucker,
'cause I ain't fuckin' with you.
Bring it. What's up?
- Move!
- Hey, hey! Hey!
We're talking here.
[De Lackner] Yes, I heard. We all heard.
Now, I just want y'all to just back up,
just a little bit.
Excuse me.
There we go. Come on.
Thank you.
You, too, Sampson. Thank you.
Now I'm-a stand right here
till one of y'all leaves.
Who's it gonna be?
[tense music playing]
I'm the one who don't work here
no more, right?
You good?
- [door opens]
- Yeah.
[door closes]
[sighs] Jesus.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[breathes deeply]
Does anybody know where this came from?
Delivery guy dropped them off.
[glass shatters]
[dramatic music playing]
[phone buzzing]
Hello?
The other kid claims Damon
just started swinging on him.
He has a nasty black eye to prove it.
But Damon here refuses to tell us
his side of the story.
I know your family's been through a lot.
Children are often affected
by... circumstances
over which they have no control.
Damon's always been a great student.
Actually, one of my favorite students.
That's why I've been
cutting him slack lately.
But we have a zero tolerance policy
for this type of behavior. You understand?
Yes. Of course.
That means Damon's suspended for a week.
He's free to go home now.
There is no problem
you can't solve with your words.
Not unless what?
What? Self-defense.
That boy put hands on you?
- Did he?
- No.
Get in the house.
Finish with you later.
If there's anything left.
Come on, sweetie, let's go in. Come on.
That's an interesting choice
on your car there.
[sarcastic laugh] You got jokes.
- What's up?
- [door closes]
Two John asked me
to look into this guy, White Mike,
that might be connected to Ramsey.
Right. Some guy he heard about
from Philly. You find him?
I found about two million of them.
But I spent my entire weekend
narrowing it down,
you know, in the name
of stopping a serial killer.
And?
Come on, it's me. I messengered everything
over to John this morning.
And then, about an hour ago,
he calls me, and I'm thinking
he's gonna say thank you, but no.
No, he's telling me
I need to bring it to you,
and it has to be hand-delivered
'cause you're not a cop anymore,
and his keepers
won't let him look into Ramsey.
Do you want to tell me what that's about?
No. I want info on White Mike.
Sampson didn't want
to talk about it either,
but a little birdie told me that you
got him all the way to "I shit you not."
Kayla, please.
- Okay.
- [music playing over iPad]
White Mike's punk band
in '98 back in Philly.
Just-just let me down the audio
'cause I can't stand this shit.
- Who wants to die?
- [crowd cheering]
[music continues faintly]
What?
Yo, seriously, this is disturbing.
If you call pretending to ritually
sacrifice an audience member disturbing,
then, yeah.
They did have some die-hard fans, though.
If you notice right here, front row.
This guy.
- [Cross] Ramsey?
- Mm-hmm.
Holy shit.
And you know where this White Mike is now?
Yes, he's still in Philly,
only now as Michael Grisham.
Actuary. It's all on the flash drive.
Okay.
Hey, Kayla.
Yeah?
You're perfect.
Have fun in Philly.
[♪ Johann Sebastian Bach: "Cello Suite
No. 1 in G Major, Prelude]
♪ ♪
Just not the Damon I know.
[scoffs] Me either.
Every time I think
there's a glimmer of hope,
something happens,
and he goes two steps back.
Did you get anything out of him?
[sighs] Not a word.
You know,
y-you need to hit reset
with that boy, Alex.
I will, soon as I get back from Philly.
What's in Philly?
- I got a break in the Ramsey case.
- I thought you were on vacation.
I'll be back tomorrow.
Your son is in crisis.
- I should go.
- No, no, no.
No one needs to go anywhere.
Especially you, Alex.
Nan, Damon is tough enough to wait a day.
[sighs]
Hmm.
Look what I got.
Hmm?
Shannon, don't give me that look.
I made this for you.
Come on, open up.
Ow! Ow! Ow! Fuck!
- [laughs]
- Damn it.
[panting]
- No! Oh!
- Bitch.
- Open up.
- Oh. Oh.
- Open up. There!
- Oh.
- [whimpers]
- Is that so hard?!
[groaning]
[Ramsey sighs]
[panting]
Oh, my God.
You look beautiful.
- [whimpers]
- You really need to see this.
Fuck you!
[laughing] Oh, my God,
with the teeth.
That is so Aileen. Do it again.
I fucking hate you!
Yes! Yes, that's perfect!
I can't believe the day is finally here.
Oh, and, Shan, listen,
don't worry about that little cut
on the side of your face. I'm gonna have
somebody take care of that properly.
Can't have you stopping this party.
[yelling]
What are you doing?
[Nana Mama] He's going with you.
Here.
I made some treats for the ride.
[chuckles]
Come here. Mmm.
Okay, now, if you want to be great,
you'll find a way.
At least two hours a day,
three if you can.
Yes, ma'am.
Nana, he can't come.
You said this trip can't wait, right?
That's right.
Neither can he.
[♪ Digital Blizzard: "Pour It In My Cup"]
♪ Switch it, switch it ♪
♪ Switch it up, switch it up,
switch it, switch it ♪
switch it up ♪
♪ I like to switch it, switch it ♪
- [engine revving]
- ♪ Switch it up ♪
♪ Switch it, switch it,
gonna switch it up ♪
♪ Yes, sir, yes, sir,
just pour it in my cup ♪
♪ Switch it, switch it,
gonna switch it up ♪
♪ Girl, what's your motive? ♪
♪ You see the motion, hocus-pocus ♪
♪ Change from the lotus,
we hop inside that locomotive ♪
♪ You know she noticed,
you hoping, but she steady 'cusing ♪
- ♪ Patrick Ewing...
- [Nana Mama] Ah.
I thought you were gonna wait till spring
till you brought out your new Mustang.
So did I.
- Mwah.
- All right.
Love you.
Love you, too, Nan.
♪ Switch it, switch it, switch it up ♪
♪ Switch it, switch it,
gonna switch it up ♪
You want to pick some music?
No.
It's a road trip, D.
You got to have music.
Okay. Black Eyed Peas the whole way, then.
[clears throat softly]
I got it, Dad.
- [♪ Wolf Castle: "Woop!"]
- ♪ Down and out, shut ya flap ♪
♪ Drip like the water bottle with no cap ♪
♪ Real talk,
witches in back still cackling...
Why are we going to Philadelphia, anyway?
♪ In it like a pea to a pod...
Work.
Ooh!
Now show me how you really feel.
[sighs] He say anything?
Why, yes, he sends his deepest apologies
and a bouquet of flowers
is being delivered especially for you.
This is Alex Cross
we're talking about, right?
Shitty-ass apology
wouldn't have done nothing anyway.
I just want to know
if he's going to Philly.
He is.
I know this is none of my business,
right--
I mean, aside from the fact that
I'm done being the go-between--
but you guys have
too much ground between you
to let one stupid argument ruin it.
I am in no mood to be preached to.
Okay.
- What about dinner?
- Dinner?
What? Food. Sustenance.
You owe me for all these favors, right?
- You're gonna ask me, but it's on me?
- Yeah.
[both laugh]
And to help seal the deal,
here's a little appetizer for you.
I managed to freeze the funds on that
mystery account Ramsey's been using.
You stacking some serious chips, girl.
Steak and lobster chips, or is it more
like all-you-can-eat buffet chips?
You froze the account.
That's Michelin level, for sure.
- All right, it's a go then.
- [laughs]
Because until the owner
of that LLC comes forward,
no funds are going in or out
of that account.
[Mojo panting]
What do you mean, there ain't no money?
There was supposed to be a wire.
I-I know, you said that
two days ago, but--
Bu-bu-bu-bu-bu-bu,
bu-bu-bu, but what?
What the motherfucking issue?
- [Mojo whines]
- There was no wire, Mr. Abellard.
And without those funds,
the-the property seller is moving on.
I-I'm sorry.
[ominous music playing]
I guess we gon' have to go for a ride...
...up north, Mojo.
Come on.
[Mojo whimpers]
[exhales]
[♪ Juice WRLD: "In My Head"]
♪ Fill my brain with drama ♪
♪ From my past, I have all this trauma ♪
♪ Getting cash, hope the racks
solve my problems...
I'm hungry.
♪ Don't work, no, it won't work...
Didn't Nana say
she packed you some snacks?
Nothing good.
What's that mean?
Carrots, crackers, celery.
All right, we'll find you something
when we get to Philly.
- How long is that gonna take?
- Stop asking questions.
Didn't even want to come.
Excuse me?
I didn't even want to bring you.
Next time you get in a fight,
you think about this.
♪ It made my life lifeless...
I wouldn't have been in a fight
if it weren't for you.
[turns music down]
What'd you say? Hmm? How is that on me?
I made your hand into a fist,
put it in that boy's face?
I did that? That was me?
Was that me?
That's what I thought.
♪ I'm trapped and I can't run...
He was showing the video.
What video?
♪ Fill my lungs with...
The one where you beat that man up.
That boy was saying
all kinds of bad things about you.
Right in front of Jannie
and a bunch of other kids, too.
I told him to stop,
and he wouldn't, so...
I hit him.
- ♪ Now the pain's worse ♪
- ♪ Pain's worse ♪
♪ Yeah, it's gon' hurt,
hope it all works out...
- [Nana Mama] Mm. [laughs]
- [Miss Nancy] Ooh. That looks good.
- Yes.
- Oh. [laughs]
- Mmm!
- Mmm.
Mm, mm.
We need some music.
- [♪ Orgone: "Who Knows Who?"]
- ♪ ...All out ♪
Oh, this is the one!
Mmm.
♪ 'Cause you told me things
I knew wasn't true ♪
♪ But I believed them, babe,
'cause I's in love with you ♪
♪ Said if you want it you can get it,
but you took it from me ♪
♪ And you gave it to who knows who...
[laughs]
Right! Hey...
- Girl, what's going on?
- Nothing.
I'm just trying not to think
about my boys.
- Turn it back up.
- No, no, no.
- [music stops]
- No. No, you sit down.
You need to get this out.
[sighs]
It's just been so much, you know?
Things got bad after we lost Maria.
Dealing with that was hard enough,
but then
we have had all those horrible,
horrible things.
That stalker you warned me about.
Ugh. It's like the wounds
can never close.
He just keeps ripping them open
over and over again.
Jannie-- she's keeping it together,
but Alex and Damon both...
I remember... when Alex was little.
His parents died.
I told him he had to figure
a way to move on,
he had to stay strong.
What else were you supposed to say?
This world is no place for a weak man,
especially if he's Black.
Yeah. But even then I saw the lie in it.
God bless him, the boy tried, but...
Then... he lost Maria.
And all that grief he held down
turned to rage.
- Sometimes rage can be your friend.
- Maybe.
You can let it visit,
but you can't let it stay.
Hmm.
- Did you see him on the news?
- Mm-hmm.
It scares me, Nancy.
Maybe I shouldn't have forced them
to go off together like that.
The boy needs his father.
Regina, you raised a good man.
He'll find his way back.
- Hmm.
- Mm-hmm.
Look at us.
You know what we need?
- We need to finish that bottle.
- Oh.
- Come on.
- [laughing] Oh, no.
- Refill.
- You.
[Miss Nancy] Drink up.
We're getting fast food?
Well, this is technically
our first fellas road trip.
I'm not gonna have you telling people
all you had to eat was carrots.
All right? [laughs]
Come on.
We got chocolate shake,
vanilla shake, cherry shake.
Which one's mine?
You mean which two are yours.
- Oh...
- Ah.
Don't let me catch you bragging
to Jannie about this, all right?
If Nana Mama finds out,
we're both in trouble.
This right here falls
under the road trip rules.
Do you know what that means?
No.
Only the road knows.
All right.
Dad, can I ask you a question,
and I won't tell anybody?
What's up?
Why did you beat up that man?
Uh...
I w-I was wrong for that, D.
But you had to have a good reason, right?
Like, he was a terrorist or something?
Uh, no.
I... I thought he was bad man,
uh, but he wasn't.
Was just wrong place, wrong time.
I was the bad man that night.
Was it about Mom?
[mournful music playing]
Um... [clears throat]
Ye-Yeah. Yeah.
Uh, you know what?
I-I thought if I could
find the answers I was looking for,
that I-I could, uh...
I-I.. I didn't.
You know, that-that part doesn't matter.
Just--
- Why can't we talk about it?
- You just
need to know it was wrong, okay?
- Just finish your burger.
- I was just trying--
Just leave it, D.
Damn!
[car door opens]
Fuck.
[car door closes]
[Daine] Once we have
straight edges, minimizing swelling
becomes our top priority.
Under normal circumstances,
we would embrace swelling
as part of the natural healing process,
but in this case
we don't have two days,
much less two weeks
to allow for that process.
We must remove tissue.
If we were working with a thigh or a back,
breast or belly,
removing adipose tissue
might be sufficient.
But the musculature
of the face is so prominent
that excising fat is not enough
to restore symmetry.
Now we turn our attention
to our biggest enemy:
lymphatic fluid.
The solution to fluid retention
is a very small shunt
placed just above the gumline.
Like drip irrigation.
Our final procedure--
and one very few can do well--
is subcutaneous stitching.
Ninety percent
of the suture exists under the skin.
The tie-offs present as teeny, tiny specks
on the surface of her face.
Even after all that,
there is still a faintly visible line that
even makeup can't conceal
under the glare of lights
and the specialized
portrait camera that you favor.
But there is a type of mastic,
commonly referred to as mortician's putty.
And when applied correctly,
it seamlessly smooth over
the ridges and fill the tiny crevices...
...that only a camera would see.
So, you see, in the right hands,
with the right lighting,
anything's possible.
[dramatic music playing]
[chair whirring]
- Can I help you?
- Yeah.
I'm Susan Kowaleski.
I work with Alex. Is he here?
I'm afraid not.
Did you say Kowaleski?
I-Is this about the Nolan case?
Oh...
I already know about Deirdre.
I'm sorry, I really need
to speak with Alex.
You do understand that I live
in this house, too, don't you?
Along with Alex and his two children.
All of whom I've raised,
all of who are suffering for,
well, whatever's going on
with this Nolan girl.
Look, I don't mean to be rude,
but my grandson is under a lot of stress,
and I-I think I have a right to know
who's coming after us. Don't you?
Alex told me you used to be a teacher.
Nobody got away with anything, did they?
[scoffs]
Not in my classroom, they didn't.
There's a ramp on the side of the house.
Come on in and let me fix something for us
while you walk me through the case.
All right.
[Debussy's "Clair de Lune"
playing on piano]
Sounds good, kid. Why'd you stop?
- I can put on my headphones.
- No, D.
No, you don’t have to...
[continues playing "Clair de Lune"
faintly]
Michael Grisham?
Yes.
Alex Cross with Metro PD out of DC.
I'd like to ask you a few questions about
somebody I think you know.
His name's Ed Ramsey.
[rapid footsteps]
[mutters]
Uh... I don’t know any Ed Ramsey.
- Sorry.
- Then why'd you close the door?
[chuckles]
- What?
- Well, if you don’t
know him, why would you care
if your daughters hear us?
[haunting music playing]
I had a band.
We played at bars and colleges.
Eddie came to all our shows.
I've seen videos of your performances.
It's very dark stuff.
Ramsey-- he was a fan?
[scoffs]
Eddie didn't give a shit about the music.
He loved what I sang about.
Death. Murder.
All that bullshit that I thought
was so cool back then.
- I'm a different guy now.
- Hmm.
We spoke to a childhood friend
of Ramsey's.
Said he made him dig up a knife,
send it to a guy in Philadelphia.
To you, Michael.
[exhales sharply]
He was sick.
I mean evil. And he thought
I was like him.
But I was just singing, man.
We'd talk about these serial killers.
Pretend to do sacrifices on stage.
For me, it was all make believe,
- but for Eddie--
- The knife. Do you still have it?
I sent that thing back so fast.
Why?
[sniffles]
He used it to kill a guy.
Rodney McKay.
You were there.
Were you part of it?
- Fuck no.
- Then why have you
been sitting on it this whole time?
A million times,
I thought about saying something.
But every time,
I had this to remind me.
[Ramsey] Rod, you ready?
[Rodney] I am so fucking ready!
- [door opens]
- [Ramsey] Here he is!
What the fuck are you doing here, dude?
[Rodney] Mike.
An honor to meet you.
[White Mike] Where are your clothes, man?
[Rodney] Eddie said I had to be ready
when you got here.
- I'm ready, man.
- For what?
[Ramsey] The sacrifice.
Rodney's your number one fan.
And he's a dead ringer of David Alan Gore.
You see that, right, Mike?
[White Mike] Uh-huh.
[Rodney] Is this the knife that he uses?
- From High Division?
- [Ramsey] Mm.
The very one, yeah.
Look.
[groaning]
[laughing]
[Rodney] Oh, sweet!
[Ramsey] Today's a special day, Mike.
It's August 21.
It's the perfect day for Rodney to die!
Fuck yeah!
I want you to know
you're not seeing everything.
Like Ramsey's face.
'Cause you're not supposed to.
Just me and Rodney.
So this is where it all started.
I tried to stop him. I swear.
I didn't think he was serious
until it was too late.
Why don't you tell me
how it actually went down.
I was wasted.
Rodney, too.
I'd never even met him before.
[Ramsey] Today's a special day, Mike.
It's August 21.
Perfect day for Rodney to die.
Fuck yeah!
All right.
Let's do it.
[chuckles]
[♪ Zack Tempest: "Loaded"]
- [cackles]
- [mumbling]
- [groans]
- [grunts] Good?
[groans]
Where's the knife?
I don't know.
[Ramsey] Mike, Mike, Mike.
[grunts]
Hold it next to him. Let me get some pics.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- [shutter clicking]
- Yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
- [laughter]
[laughs] Okay,
closer to his neck.
[White Mike] That?
Oh, that's perfect.
Ow!
What the fuck?!
That's a real knife, asshole!
- [White Mike] Sorry, dude!
- Don't be sorry.
This is what you want, Mike. Finish it.
What? No!
Uh, fine, fine.
Uh, let me just get the shot
of you holding it up over his heart, okay?
Fuck that! Let me up!
Listen, you're already cut, dude.
Relax.
It's one more picture, Mike.
It's gnarly.
Come on.
[tense music playing]
[exhales sharply]
[Ramsey] Uh...
No, no, no, no, no.
Let's get this perfect.
- Down, down. Okay.
- All right.
[White Mike exhales]
- [grunts]
- [gasps]
- [coughing]
- [gasping, coughing]
- [breathing heavily]
- Holy shit.
[choking]
You fucking killed him.
No.
- [shuddering, whimpering]
- We killed him.
[panting]
[White Mike panting]
I know what it looks like.
I know you didn't kill him.
But you also didn't say anything.
I wanted to.
Did it ever occur to you
that he might not stop?
[crying]
He has someone now.
We can stop him.
We can save her.
But we're gonna need your help.
Thanks for coming down to transport him.
[grunts]
- And one more thing.
- Yeah.
That tape is in bad shape.
John needs to get it digitized
immediately.
That's a long list of things
you want me to remember.
Wouldn't it be better
if you just told him yourself?
I don't think he really wants
to hear from me right now.
Why don't you fix it?
I'm tired of this proxy shit.
[grunts]
Look,
if you guys need a marriage counselor,
I can hook you up.
Didn't really save mine,
but then again, I wasn't in love.
I'll worry about that
after we get Ramsey wrapped up.
Okay.
- [engine starts]
- Ready?
[gearshift clicks]
- [♪ The Bihlman Bros.: "Jubilee"]
- ♪ Reflections on the window ♪
♪ Don't look like no Jesus ♪
♪ Coming around ♪
♪ To save you or me ♪
- [engine stops]
- [grunting]
[grunting]
- [Tippy] Is that good?
- Fire up the fry pan, Tippy!
- Didn't even have to work for 'em today.
- [Tippy] [laughs] I mean,
- I don't even like fish! [laughs]
- Oh.
Hello.
[chuckles]
Didn't know we were having company.
Uh, Roger, this is Regina.
She's with the MPD Officers' Family
Association.
- Ah.
- Yeah.
Came and invited me to join.
- [Thorn] Hi.
- [Tippy] Oh, and to deliver these.
- Oh, well...
[chuckles] Hope you didn't
forget the six-pack.
- [laughs]
- Oh.
- Uh, you're more than welcome
- to stay for supper, Miss, uh...
- Cross.
Regina Cross.
I believe you know my grandson,
Alex?
Yeah. Sure. Good cop.
I don't care
- what that video shows.
- Well,
actually don't mean to stay long.
I just came to get a name from you, Roger.
Of who?
Deirdre Nolan's accomplice.
Uh, what's this about, honey?
It's nothing.
Go in the other room.
[Tippy] Well, if it's nothing,
I don't need to go anywhere, do I?
He just doesn't want you to know
that he messed up.
A prosecutor slipped
one of his case files to me.
They're not supposed to do that.
A young lady named Deirdre Nolan
confessed to murder.
Two witnesses said she had an accomplice.
Even gave a name.
But your husband
buried their statements
and the name.
So...
the accomplice is still out there.
Is that true, Roger?
The girl confessed.
Said she acted alone.
She did not.
And you know that.
You took the easy win
and now you're retired.
Now you're fishing.
And that lead you didn't follow through on
is not coming to haunt you,
Mr. Thorn, hmm?
He's coming after me and my family.
So I need you
to give me that goddamn name.
[tense music playing]
[breathing heavily]
Twenty-five years he let Ramsey roam.
- Time to grab this asshole.
- [Anderson] No.
Not yet.
[Sampson] You're joking.
We got more than enough.
- So does he.
- What does that mean?
Ramsey's got enough to go scorched-earth
on this entire department
if we don't handle this perfectly.
No. No one touches him
until we get an indictment.
You can't expect us
to pull a grand jury at this hour.
I already made the call.
They're holding an emergency session
first thing tomorrow morning.
It's the right move, John.
Let's get Grisham tucked away
and then we'll snatch Ramsey
once everything is airtight.
[ballad playing in distance]
It ain't pretty,
but it's what the DC budget pays for.
- [door creaks]
- [sniffles]
[door shuts]
You have my number,
and patrol will check on you every hour.
There's a menu book here.
Anything you order
goes on MPD's dime.
If you're hungry, I recommend
District Wings, extra mumbo sauce
from the Hamilton.
Or if you have a sweet tooth,
District Doughnuts.
[tense music playing]
I always knew...
somebody would come knocking someday.
I should have said something.
Hey.
Don't beat yourself up.
You're doing the right thing.
Okay, so you're saying you have clearance
that gives you access
to the actual Senate floor?
Hell yeah. If you ever want to see it,
I'm your guy.
Wouldn't that get you in trouble, though?
Maybe I like trouble.
Oh, you do?
- Hey. Um...
- [Kayla] Mm!
Do you two know each other?
I'm her husband.
Okay.
- Sorry I'm late.
- It's okay.
I got held up at the range.
Who's this?
I'm actually, uh, on my way out,
so... enjoy the night.
Mm-hmm.
It was nice chatting. [giggles]
[chuckles]
I didn't think you were gonna show.
Why aren't you out there
grabbing your Golden Fleece?
Aw, Anderson wants an indictment.
So it'll be done in the morning.
Oh, she's such a pussy.
Mm.
Listen, I plan on being the first
to move in on Ramsey when it does go down.
Thought you might want to join me.
My, my, are you throwing me some shine?
You deserve it.
We wouldn't be here if it wasn't for you.
I bet you, when the story breaks,
it's gonna be even bigger than Soneji.
Probably.
All right. I'm in.
But, first, why don't you buy me a drink,
tell me again how important I am to you.
Feel free to go into detail.
[both chuckle]
[playing Bach's "Prelude No. 1"]
[stops playing]
Bedtime?
Nah, not yet.
Not till I apologize.
Son,
there is nothing wrong
with wanting to talk about Mommy.
Nothing.
I only said that because...
...I think about her a lot.
And Miss Nancy says that
it's okay to think about,
but even better to talk about.
Well, Miss Nancy is right.
So how come you don't?
Uh...
'Cause it, uh, it makes me sad.
I miss her.
Me too.
It's just that...
...it feels like you lost Mommy,
but I lost Mommy and you.
Oh, son. Come here, man.
Come here.
[contemplative music playing]
Hey, I'm here, kid.
You talk as much as you want.
You ask me anything.
Mm, what's your favorite memory?
[chuckles]
Uh...
I... Uh, there-there's so many.
You don't have a favorite?
[scoffs]
Mine was when the Nats won it all,
and Mommy took us to the parade,
put me on her shoulders
and got us all the way to the front.
- Yeah.
- And I got to high five Strasburg.
Yeah. Yeah, baby.
That's a good one.
Yeah, she trampled some people that day.
[both chuckle]
Tell me one of yours.
Okay.
This is from me and your mom's
very first anniversary.
This is back in the day when
people had phones in their houses
and answering machines.
But you don't know nothing about that.
You're too young.
Now, somehow, your mama
got everybody we knew
to call the house and leave me
a voice message.
I mean every... body.
They recorded it on this tape.
So...
Uh-huh. Bam.
All right.
[machine beeps]
[Lila] Alex, it's Lila and Marcus.
Maria loves you.
[Lila and Marcus] Happy anniversary
to both of you.
- [beep]
- [Oracene] Cross, it's Oracene.
Maria loves you.
[beep]
[Sampson] What's up, Sugar?
It's Two John.
Maria loves you. Happy anniversary,
you lucky motherfucker.
[beep]
[Gilbert] Cross, this is Gilbert.
Maria told me to call
and tell you she loves you.
Mission accomplished.
[beep]
[James] Cross, it's James.
Maria told me to call you
and let you know she loves you.
[beep]
[man] What's up, Sneaky?
You guys are really insane.
Maria loves you.
[man and woman] Happy anniversary.
Uh, can I, uh...
- Can I get road trip rules
on this here?
- [beep]
[Felicia] Hey, Alex, it's Felicia.
Maria loves you. Like you didn't know.
[beep]
[friend] My man, Cross.
You made it another year.
Oh, yeah, Maria loves you, fuckhead.
[beep]
[Tanya] Alex, it's Tanya.
Happy anniversary.
P.S., Maria loves you.
[alarm ringing]
[groans]
[exhales sharply]
What time is it?
6:00.
- When do we need to be there?
- 7:00.
- Mind if I use your shower?
- Hold on.
So... it's only 6:00.
[hypnotic music playing]
[laughs]
- [Damon] Good morning.
- [Jannie giggles]
Ah, good morning, sweetie.
How was your trip?
Can't talk about it.
Why not?
Only the road knows.
[chuckles]
Well, all right, then.
[Kayla] Hey, John.
If you and Cross ever go back
to being on speaking terms,
are you, uh, are you gonna tell him?
About what?
Okay.
That's a big if.
[slow music playing]
[door opens]
Huh. Look who's coming to say hello.
[Massey] You should
get one of those doughnuts.
You probably don't want to do this
on an empty stomach.
Rain check.
My stomach's kind of in knots.
Well, it can't be worse than
what I have going on right now.
- He's kicking?
- And punching,
and doing flips and Lord knows what.
- [Kayla] Good morning.
- Morning.
I know you, don't I?
Cross' partner.
[White Mike] You pick a name?
- Chance.
- I like that.
Mm. Oh! Feel this.
Who's your friend?
Oh, this is Special Agent Kayla Craig.
She's the one that found the witness
we're gonna use to burn you down.
Witness?
You guys have a witness?
Are you sure? Hmm.
[White Mike] Hey, Chance.
What's up, buddy?
You getting claustrophobic in there?
You need to give your mom a--
[halting moans]
[♪ Peter Schilling: "Major Tom"]
It's okay, baby.
We're gonna be okay.
You're gonna be okay.
Shh...
♪ Standing there alone,
the ship is waiting ♪
♪ All systems are go ♪
♪ "Are you sure?" ♪
♪ Control is not convinced ♪
♪ But the computer has the evidence ♪
♪ No need to abort ♪
♪ The countdown starts ♪
♪ Watching in a trance,
the crew is certain ♪
♪ Nothing left to chance ♪
[haunting music playing]
[Ramsey] It's beautiful,
isn't it?
Time to celebrate.
[announcer] Next on Cross...
Back to square one with Ramsey.
The only way we're gonna find him
is to find out where he's hiding Shannon.
All the victims--
they disappeared just before
the birthdays of the killers
that they were matched with.
[Kayla] It's Aileen's birthday.
[Cross] He's gonna kill her today.
Alex, stop.
How do you expect me to believe anything
you say right now?!
[Cross] There's another piece
somewhere in here I can't find.
You may be the best work
I've ever done, Aileen.
♪ Four, three, two, one ♪
♪ Earth below us ♪
♪ Drifting, falling ♪
♪ Floating weightless ♪
♪ Calling, calling ♪
♪ Home ♪
♪ Second stage is cut,
we're now in orbit ♪
♪ Stabilizers up, running perfect ♪
♪ Starting to collect requested data ♪
♪ What will it affect ♪
♪ When all is done? ♪
♪ Thinks Major Tom ♪